Test plan Sprint 1
Test:                                 
T1.) passsword field left blank 
T2.) username field left blank 
T3.)Both username and passowrd field left blank
T4.) user should be able to reach bookmarks page with specified credentials.
 
     T4A.) User 1
	     Username: alberta
	     Password: K9EWw9whx

     T4B.) User 2
	     Username: shanksm
	     Password: 99zedzkeh

     T4C.) User 3 
	    Username: perryk
	    Password: 9CHP9bzzz

T5.) If user has logged in and is on bookmark page, but returns to login page. They should not have access to bookmarks without logging in again.

T6.) After logout button has been clicked user should not be able to use back arrow to naviagate to bookmark page. 

T7.) User cannot by pass login page by entering URL of bookmark page. or enter logout url and use back arrow to get to bookmark page 

expected output:
T1.) will not move past login page, once login button has been clicked -- successful
T2.) will not move past login page, once login button has been cliecked -- successful
T3.) will not move past login page, once login button has been cliecked -- successful
T4.) All users should be able to access bookmark page after providing correct credentials -- successful

	T4A.) User 1 will be able to access bookpage after giving correct credentials --successful
	T4B.) User 2 will be able to access bookpage after giving correct credentials -- successful
      T4C.) User 3 will be able to access bookpage after giving correct credentials -- successful

T5.) users should not be able to return to bookmark page without logging in again -- Fail

     T5A.)User 1 should not be able to return to bookmark page -- Fail
     T5B.)User 2 should not be able to return to bookmark page -- Fail
     T5C.)User 3 should not be able to return to bookmark page -- Fail

T6.) User will be directed to login page -- Succesful

    	T6A.) User 1 should be directed to login page -- Successful
	T6B.) User 2 should be directed to login page -- Successful 
	T6C.) User 3 should be directed to login page -- Successful

T7.) User is directed to login page -- Successful


user exprience issues:
1.) if user enters info for password and username fields, but credntials are incorrect there is no prompt indicating they have incorrect username or password. 

2.) username field show keep content so user doenst have to re-type username if login attempt is successful

3.) the login link on the login page doesnt naviagte to bookmark page. login link just reloads login page

4.) when you scroll down on login page content doesnt move with page 
   -- specifically text that says "How it Works" 